thomasgauvin: add troubleshooting for postgresjs not getting cached (#21464)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/hyperdrive/observability/troubleshooting.mdx

| ------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `Uncaught Error: No such module "node:<module>"` | Your Cloudflare Workers project or a library that it imports is trying to access a Node module that is not available. | Enable [Node.js compatibility](/workers/runtime-apis/nodejs/) for your Cloudflare Workers project to maximize compatibility. |

### Driver errors

> If your queries don't appear to be getting cached, your driver may be configured in such a way that your queries are not cacheable by Hyperdrive. This may happen if you are using the [Postgres.js](https://github.com/porsager/postgres) driver with [`prepare: false:`](https://github.com/porsager/postgres?tab=readme-ov-file#prepared-statements).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your queries do not appear to be getting cached, your driver may be configured in such a way that your queries are not cacheable by Hyperdrive. This may happen if you are using the [Postgres.js](https://github.com/porsager/postgres) driver with [`prepare: false:`](https://github.com/porsager/postgres?tab=readme-ov-file#prepared-statements).
```

> If your queries do not appear to be getting cached, your driver may be configured in such a way that your queries are not cacheable by Hyperdrive. This may happen if you are using the [Postgres.js](https://github.com/porsager/postgres) driver with [`prepare: false:`](https://github.com/porsager/postgres?tab=readme-ov-file#prepared-statements).

Author: ```suggestion
If your queries are not getting cached despite Hyperdrive having caching enabled, your driver may be configured such that your queries are not cacheable by Hyperdrive. This may happen if you are using the [Postgres.js](https://github.com/porsager/postgres) driver with [`prepare: false:`](https://github.com/porsager/postgres?tab=readme-ov-file#prepared-statements). To resolve this, enable prepared statements with `prepare: true`.
```
